CDSE updates + sentinelhub (#1946)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/support/tutorials/gis/eo_guide.md

**[SYKE/FMI, Finnish image mosaics](https://www.syke.fi/fi-FI/Tutkimus__kehittaminen/Tutkimus_ja_kehittamishankkeet/Hankkeet/Paikkatietoalusta_PTA)** : Sentinel-1, Sentinel-2 and Landsat mosaics, for several time periods per year. Some of them are available in Puhti, but not all. [FMI provides also a STAC catalog for these mosaics](https://pta.data.lit.fmi.fi/stac/root.json)

> [**Copernicus Data Space Ecosystem**](https://dataspace.copernicus.eu/) provides worldwide main products for Sentinel-1, -2 and -3. It requires free registration. Includes possibility for visualisation and data processing. This is the replacement for the European Space Agency's SciHub introduced in 2023. This service provides much more than a data download service, see for example all [analysing services of the Copernicus Data Space Ecosystem](https://dataspace.copernicus.eu/analyse).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**Copernicus Data Space Ecosystem**](https://dataspace.copernicus.eu/) provides worldwide main products for Sentinel-1, -2 and -3. It requires free registration. Includes possibility for visualisation and data processing. This was introduced in late 2023 and replaced the European Space Agency's SciHub . This service provides much more than a data download service, see for example all [analysing services of the Copernicus Data Space Ecosystem](https://dataspace.copernicus.eu/analyse).
```

> [**Copernicus Data Space Ecosystem**](https://dataspace.copernicus.eu/) provides worldwide main products for Sentinel-1, -2 and -3. It requires free registration. Includes possibility for visualisation and data processing. This was introduced in late 2023 and replaced the European Space Agency's SciHub . This service provides much more than a data download service, see for example all [analysing services of the Copernicus Data Space Ecosystem](https://dataspace.copernicus.eu/analyse).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**Copernicus Data Space Ecosystem**](https://dataspace.copernicus.eu/) provides worldwide main products for Sentinel-1, -2 and -3. It requires free registration. Includes possibility for visualisation and data processing. This was introduced in late 2023 and replaced the European Space Agency's SciHub. This service provides much more than a data download service, see for example all [analysing services of the Copernicus Data Space Ecosystem](https://dataspace.copernicus.eu/analyse).
```
